# chap_auto_ewars without yearly effect and with spatial smoothing
This version now supports adding geojson files and uses a bym2 model, which is a scaled and reparamterzied latent effect. It is replicated for each time step, which is either each week or each month. It combines an iid effect and an ICAR effect, and ends up with a precision parameter and a mixing parameter with a penalizing complexity prior. The precision parameter represents the overall precision for the two components while the mixing parameter represents the percentage of the varaince explaing by the spatial component, or ICAR. So a mixing of $0$ corresponds to simply using an iid effect while a mixing of $1$ corresponds to only using an ICAR, and the rest mixes the two. The idea of the penalizing complexity prior (PC) is that the mixing paramtert $\rho$ only grows larger if the data supports it, and it is generally quite conservative to limit unnessary model complexity. Note that this model uses a different docker image with some additional packages for handeling spatial data.

## Some ideas
* It could be worth experimenting with using the poisson likelihhod instead of the negative binomial, but it dident give me any noticably better results
* I also do not think the temporal RW1, as `f(month_num, model = "rw1", scale.model = T, replicate = ID_spat_num)`, which is a RW1 in time for each region with a common precision parameter. It performed visualy worse than the original model, at least I think so, but probably wise to compare them with more sophisticated evaluation criteria when they are available in CHAP.
* Concerning the regions that border other countries, this should probably already be captured by the iid model in the bym2, if not, it is possible to include an additional iid model only for these regions based on some identifying column in the dataframe, say `ID_border` or something. For instance if `df$ID_border = 1, 2, 3, NA, 4, NA, NA` and we add `f(ID_border, model ="iid"` only the regions at place 1, 2, 3 and 5 will get an iid effect, could also possibly make a prior centered at smaller precision values if you think that is smart, but I generally think that adding this second iid model is a bit unneccesary. Another possibility is to include additional spatial smoothing accross the borders, which it probably challenging in terms of harminizing data.
* 
